Thread: nom-developer-coordination-meeting-4-24-nov-12-pm-utc
0x3639 | 2023-11-24 11:31:42 UTC | #1

**What:** NoM Developer Coordination Meeting #4
**When:** [Friday 24 Nov @ 12 PM UTC](https://www.worldtimebuddy.com/?qm=1&lid=100,6,5128581&h=100&date=2023-11-24&sln=12-13&hf=1)
**Where:** [Discord Channel - #dev-meeting ](https://znn.link/discord)< links to dev-meeting channel. If you need the Discord Sever it is [https://discord.gg/a8mky5DA ](https://znn.link/discord)
**Duration:** 2 Hours
**Purpose:** Discuss Open PRs, Side Chain vs Rollups, Dynamic Plasma and Metamask Snap
**Agenda:** TBD

Note: This post is a wiki. Anyone can edit it to add / change items to the agenda.

## DRAFT AGENDA

1. Marketing Update
2. Discuss Open PRs / Development
- PLTCs
- syrius upgrade (dust attacks)
3. ZIP to fund AZ 
4. Discuss Network Priorities | Side Chain - zk rollup - P2P Mining
5. Discuss Dynamic Plasma
- Any objections?
- Rotating PoW algos?
- Who wants to code the changes?
6. Any updates on Metamask Snaps?  Does dynamic plasma impact this?

-------------------------

