Thread: nom-developer-coordination-meeting-4-17-nov-12-pm-utc-confirmed
0x3639 | 2023-11-02 19:35:01 UTC | #1

**What:** NoM Developer Coordination Meeting #4
**When:** [Friday 17 Nov @ 12 PM UTC](https://www.worldtimebuddy.com/?qm=1&lid=100,6,5128581&h=100&date=2023-11-17&sln=12-13&hf=1)
**Where:** [Discord Channel - #dev-meeting ](https://discord.com/channels/920058192560533504/1150019456718876843)< links to dev-meeting channel. If you need the Discord Sever it is [https://discord.com/invite/zenonnetwork ](https://discord.com/invite/zenonnetwork)
**Duration:** 1 Hour
**Purpose:** Discuss Open PRs, Dynamic Plasma and Metamask Snap
**Agenda:** TBD

Note: This post is a wiki. Anyone can edit it to add / change items to the agenda.

## DRAFT AGENDA

1. Discuss Open PRs
2. Discuss Dynamic Plasma / Metamask Snaps

-------------------------

0x3639 | 2023-11-02 19:35:22 UTC | #2

Please note the meeting has moved to Nov 17th at 12PM UTC

-------------------------

