Thread: nom-developer-coordination-meeting-3-6-oct-12-pm-utc-confirmed
0x3639 | 2023-10-06 11:41:52 UTC | #1

**What:** NoM Developer Coordination Meeting #2
**When:** [Friday 6 Oct @ 12 PM UTC](https://www.worldtimebuddy.com/?qm=1&lid=100,6,5128581&h=100&date=2023-10-06&sln=12-13&hf=1)
**Where:** [Discord Channel - #dev-meeting ](https://discord.com/channels/920058192560533504/1150019456718876843) < links to dev-meeting channel. If you need the Discord Sever it is [https://discord.com/invite/zenonnetwork ](https://discord.com/invite/zenonnetwork)
**Duration:** 1 Hour
**Purpose:** Discuss Open PRs, Metamask Snap, Dynamic Plasma, Open Roadmap Items
**Agenda:** TBD

Note: This post is a wiki. Anyone can edit it to add / change items to the agenda.

## DRAFT AGENDA

1) Discuss  Open PRs [15 Minutes]
- https://github.com/zenon-network/go-zenon/pulls
- https://github.com/zenon-network/syrius/pulls
- Future PR exceptions given what we are learning about SYRIUS reviews
2) Discuss Metamask Snaps - [Background](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/metamask-snaps-for-zenon/209) [15 Minutes] 
3) Discuss Dynamic Plasma - [Background](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/dynamic-plasma-discussions/62/27?u=0x3639) [30 Minutes]
4) Roadmap Item Updates [15 Minutes]
- Side Chain Status

---

## UPDATED ROADMAP [DRAFT 5 Oct 2023]

#### HIGH PRIORITY
* PTLCs - (George) - [Context ](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/ptlcs-the-standard/200)
* Governance - (George) - [Discussion ](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/embedded-governance-design/129)
* Protocol Upgrades (George) - [Open PRs](https://github.com/zenon-network/go-zenon/pulls)
* Extension Chain (AlienCoder) - [Status](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/extension-chains/52)
* Dynamic/Adaptive Plasma - (George, MoonBazze, AlienCoder) - [Discussions ](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/dynamic-plasma-discussions/62)
* Momentum Capacity (Moonbaze) - [Context](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/dynamic-plasma-discussions/62/113?u=0x3639)
* Audit (Sol & ??)

#### MEDIUM PRIORITY
* libp2p layer - (TBD)
* Sentinel support - (TBD)
* Bridge Governance (Sumamu)

#### LOW PRIORITY
* zkSync L2 - (Sumamu - https://www.risczero.com/)
* Narwhal and Tusk - (TBD) - [Article](https://www.zenon.info/narwhal-and-tusk-on-zenon-network/)
* IBD with zk proofs (ZeroSync) - (TBD)

#### INTEROPERABILITY SOLUTIONS

* Support additional ERC-20 Tokens (Sumamu) - [Status](https://forum.zenon.org/t/bridge-proposal-support-additional-erc-20s/1609/13)
* UI for Governance (Vilkris)
* Syrius support on mobile/browser - (Dr. Blaze) - [Status ](https://forum.zenon.org/t/syrius-wallet-mobile-app/659)
* Ledger Hardware wallet support - (Crypto Fish) - [Status](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/project-ledger-zenon-app/112/1)
* SYRIUS Improvements - (Vilkris, Sol, Alien) - [Status](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/the-p2p-revolution-p2p-swaps-in-syrius/108)
* Metamask Snaps (Vilkris, AlienCoder, Dexter) - [Status ](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/metamask-snaps-for-zenon/209)
* NFT Std (Sol & Vlikris?)
* Docs (TBD)

-------------------------

