Thread: nom-developer-coordination-meeting-2-22-sept-12-pm-utc-confirmed
0x3639 | 2023-09-24 19:48:19 UTC | #1

**What:** NoM Developer Coordination Meeting #2
**When:** [Friday 22 Sept @ 12 PM UTC ](https://www.worldtimebuddy.com/?qm=1&lid=100,6,5128581&h=100&date=2023-9-22&sln=12-13&hf=1)
**Where:** [Discord Channel - #dev-meeting](https://discord.com/channels/920058192560533504/1150019456718876843) < links to dev-meeting channel.  If you need the Discord Sever it is [https://discord.com/invite/zenonnetwork](https://discord.com/invite/zenonnetwork)
**Duration:** 1 Hour
**Purpose:** Discuss roadmap, assign devs, discuss timeframes
**Agenda:** TBD

Note: This post is a wiki.  Anyone can edit it to add / change items to the agenda.

**DRAFT AGENDA**

## Review Roadmap Tasks
- Do you agree with the Roadmap list
- Do you want to add / remove your name from a task
- Does someone what to take the lead where multiple devs are interested
- Can we establish `target` start dates and duration ranges

#### HIGH PRIORITY
- PTLCs - (George) - [Context](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/ptlcs-the-standard/200)
- Governance - (George) - [Discussion](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/embedded-governance-design/129)
- Extension Chain (AlienCoder) - [Status](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/extension-chains/52)
- Dynamic/Adaptive Plasma - (George, MoonBazze, AlienCoder) - [Discussions](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/dynamic-plasma-discussions/62)
- Audit (Sol & ??)

#### MEDIUM PRIORITY
- Sentinel support - (TBD)
- libp2p layer - (TBD)
- Bridge Governance (Sumamu)

#### LOW PRIORITY
- Narwhal and Tusk - (TBD) - [Article](https://www.zenon.info/narwhal-and-tusk-on-zenon-network/)
- IBD with zk proofs (ZeroSync) - (TBD)
- zkSync L2 - (Sumamu - https://www.risczero.com/)

#### INTEROPERABILITY SOLUTIONS
- Syrius support on mobile/browser - (Dr. Blaze) - [Status](https://forum.zenon.org/t/syrius-wallet-mobile-app/659)
- Ledger Hardware wallet support - (Crypto Fish) - [Status](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/project-ledger-zenon-app/112/1)
- SYRIUS Improvements - (Vilkris, Sol, Alien) - [Status](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/the-p2p-revolution-p2p-swaps-in-syrius/108)
- Metamask Snaps (Vilkris, AlienCoder, Dexter)  - [Status](https://forum.hypercore.one/t/metamask-snaps-for-zenon/209)
- NFT Std (Sol & Vlikris?)
- Docs (TBD)

![photo_2023-09-20_04-49-00|690x402](upload://pkV4uupkGgrBNx6VeJj2fCk3hzS.jpeg)

-------------------------

VTO | 2023-09-21 05:40:35 UTC | #2

Will we also hear the developers speak, or will it be shy written text again? :)

-------------------------

0x3639 | 2023-09-21 13:39:00 UTC | #3

Not this time.  I think many of the devs want to stay anon.

-------------------------

